CRT Perf tweaks #1 (config and CRT docs) (#5326)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/organizing-conversations.rst

  :alt: Organize conversations using Collapsed Reply Threads.
  
Enable Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta)
-------------------------------------

Your System Admin must enable the Collapsed Reply Threads feature in the System Console. See our `Configuration Settings <https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#collapsed-reply-threads-beta>`__ documentation for details. Before enabling, please ensure you are well versed with the known issues, particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. 

Once this feature is enabled in the System Console, you can `enable this feature for your account <https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/managing-account-settings.html#collapsed-reply-threads-beta>`__ by going to **Settings > Display > Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta)**.

Known issues
------------

.. important::

    Collapsed Reply Threads is available as an early beta in Mattermost Cloud and Mattermost Server v5.37 and later. It's expected that you may experience bugs and server performance implications as we stabilize the feature. In particular, please be aware of these important known issues and risks:

>     - Collapsed Reply Threads is a complex feature that will increase demand on your server and database resources. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is `promoted to general availability in Q1 2022 <https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/>`_. Learn more about these `performance considerations here <XXXXXXX KB article>`_.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Collapsed Reply Threads is a complex feature that will increase demand on your server and database resources. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it's `promoted to general availability in Q1 2022 <https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/>`_. Learn more about these `performance considerations here <https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276>`__.   
```
